This is a really good question. You want
real data about your audience. So you
know the three primary things that all
marketers need to know which is where do
I reach them? What should I create and
share for them? And how am I going to
resonate get amplified? Well, you need
answers to these questions. Let me tell
you how not to do it. In fact, the worst
way to do it worst way to do it is this.
Tell me about uh men's wear enthusiasts.
Right? I'm I'm dressed up so I can show
you this example here. Here, here's a
bunch of recommendations from an AI
tool.
They seem credible. You know what's
really weird about this though? I I want
to I want to show you. Let's just let's
just uh ask exactly the same question
again. And my good huh, that seems like
a different list with a with a smaller
subset and not all the same ones. Did
you know if we asked a hundred times we
would be one in a million likely to get
exactly the same answer? Because this is
not an answer. These are words that
frequently come after other words. This
is this is a terrible way to do it. You
want to do it again? Let's do it again.
Here. Uh you boom. One, two, three.
We'll ask again. We'll get a completely
different answer. Sometimes there will
be some over Oh, look. GQ. That was
never on there before. Dapper was on the
first one, but not the second one. Ape
to gentleman was on the second one, but
not the first one. Primer Magazine
hasn't been in any of them before. It's
not real answers to these questions.
Like, it's just it's just not. Let let
me show you what what you actually might
want to do. What you might want to do is
understand who searches for tailored
men's wear brands. What are their
demographics and behaviors? Or you might
want to uh look at people who visit
Walker Slater, who is a a British or or
Scottish maker of wool and tweed
clothing and suits. or maybe my absolute
favorite uh Clea Classic nonchalants on
Instagram who I'm obsessed with uh and
who does a bunch of men's wear styling.
She's this young French woman who uh
just has incredible taste and style and
knowledge of this. Or or you could go
and look at the profiles of people who
have men's wear enthusiasts. Those are
all ways to do it. And you can do all of
those by describing your audience to
Spark Toro for free. For free. Like I'm
not Watch here. How about we just say um
show me uh people
who follow uh I'm just going to copy and
paste her
her uh tag in here. Classic nonchalance
people who follow. I don't have to do
anything else. I can create a report
just based on that and Spark Toro will
figure out who follows Clay on Instagram
and what their interests are and their
behaviors and their demographics. I can
do the same thing by taking Walker
Slater's website and saying, "Hey, show
me people who visit this website." I can
take tailored men'swear brands on Google
and say, "Hey, show me people who search
for tailored men's wear brands." I can
describe any of these and I will get all
of this data. it. It's all right there.
It's a very very good way to answer this
question and these sub questions around
that.
I I think you should give it a try. You
can you can search any way you want B2B
B TOC audiences as complex and detailed
and nuanced or as broad and wide as you
want. Just go to Spark Tour. Give it a
try.